# Garbage Collection

JavaScript is a garbage-collected language.
That means when JavaScript allocates memory, let's say within a function, we create an object and that object gets stored somewhere in our memory heap automatically with JavaScript. When we finish calling the function and let's say we don't need that object anymore, it's going to clean it up for us.
So only the data that is still useful to us remains so that this way we make sure we don't use up all the memory we have available, since memory is limited.

In garbage-collected languages like JavaScript, the garbage collector freezes memory on the heap and prevents what we call memory leaks.
Stack overflow occurs when the memory gets too big and it reaches its maximum size.

However, that doesn't mean garbage collection in javascript always promise there are no memory leaks. In fact, there are cases where the garbage collection won't actually free up the memory due to our mistakes.

In low-level languages like C, you control garbage collection and you tell it to remove parts of the memory. Though it is dangerous, they are extremely fast and memory-efficient because you control garbage collection.

## How does garbage collection work in JavaScript?
It uses something called **Mark and Sweep Algorithm**. Javascript Engine looks through the codes and finds variables, objects that are not being referenced. In addition, once a function is done executing and it is popped off the stack, Javascript Engine marks this variable as well since it is no longer needed anymore. After making is done, the garbage collector clean these from memory.
