# 1. Which one would be better for Stacks?

Both arrays and linked lists are going to work well. It depends on what you prefer and why your priorities are.

But one major thing is that arrays allow something called **cash locality**, which makes them technically faster when accessing its items in memory because they're right next to each other. A linked list are scattered all over the memory, and also need extra memory associated with them because we have to hold on to those pointers.

But on the other hand, linked lists have more dynamic memory. We can keep adding things to the list. Whereass an array have either a static array or dynamic array that has a certain amount of memory. And as soon as it's about to reach its limit, it's going to have to double up that memory and create new space for it somewhere in memory.


# 2. Which one would be better for Queues?

Ideally, it is better to implement Queues with linked lists.

Arrays have indexes associated with them, so if we had to remove the first item, we need to shift the indexes all over again one by one.

On the other hand, in a linked list, we only need to remove the first item and set the head pointer to the next item and nothing else changes.

# 3. Review
Stacks and Queues are great for some fast operations that they have, such as removing or inserting, such as at the end of the data structure.
We can also access the very first item in a Queue or the very top item in a Stack.
And we also have all our data in order but we don't usually use our stacks or queues to really do any sort of look up or search through the data structure.
